Added example for preference (#6531)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/build/di-xml-file.md

This mapping is in `app/code/Magento/Backend/etc/adminhtml/di.xml`, so the object manager injects the `Magento\Backend\Model\Url` implementation class wherever there is a request for the `Magento\Core\Model\UrlInterface` in the [admin](https://glossary.magento.com/admin) area.

### Override method using Preference

> If you want to override a method from core file, you can utilize preference to acheive it.

Reviewer: Please, clarify the method scopes that may be overridden 

```suggestion
If you want to override a public or protected method from core class, you can utilize `preference` to achieve it.
```

Author: @rogyar Updated the contents as per your suggestion.

{
    /**
     * Constructor Modification
     *
     * @param \Magento\Framework\View\Element\Template\Context $context
     * @param \Magento\Checkout\Model\Session $checkoutSession
     * @param \Magento\Sales\Model\Order\Config $orderConfig
     * @param \Magento\Framework\App\Http\Context $httpContext
     * @param array $data
     */
    public function __construct(
        \Magento\Framework\View\Element\Template\Context $context,
        \Magento\Checkout\Model\Session $checkoutSession,
        \Magento\Sales\Model\Order\Config $orderConfig,
        \Magento\Framework\App\Http\Context $httpContext,
        array $data = []
    ) {
        parent::__construct(
            $context,
            $checkoutSession,
            $orderConfig,
            $httpContext,
            $data
        );
    }

    /**
     * Is order visible
     *
     * @param Order $order
     * @return bool
     */
    protected function isVisible(Order $order)
    {
        # Write your custom logic here.
        return !in_array(
            $order->getStatus(),
            $this->_orderConfig->getInvisibleOnFrontStatuses()
        );
    }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Please, add the following callout here:

```
Overriding entire methods is not recommended approach and should be avoided whenever it's possible. This approach brings potential conflicts to the system and reduces the system upgradability. Use other extensibility options like event observers and plugins instead. 
```

It's a good thing to have information about the overriding but we should not advocate it somehow. 

Thank you!

Author: @rogyar I will update the docs. That is a great suggestion. Thanks.

This mapping is in `app/code/Magento/Backend/etc/adminhtml/di.xml`, so the object manager injects the `Magento\Backend\Model\Url` implementation class wherever there is a request for the `Magento\Core\Model\UrlInterface` in the [admin](https://glossary.magento.com/admin) area.

### Override method using Preference

> If you want to override a public or protected method from core class, you can utilize `preference` to achieve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override a public or protected method from a core class, you can utilize the `preference` node from `di.xml` to achieve it.
```

Author: @rogyar Updated the content as per your suggestion. Thanks for the review.

> Here is an example to overide a method from core file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of overriding a method from the core file.
```

Author: @rogyar Updated the content and commit the changes. Thanks for the suggestion.

```xml

> <!-- app/code/<VendorName/<ModuleName>/etc/di.xml -->

Reviewer: I would suggest using `OrangeCompany/OverrideExample` as a module/vendor name. See [other](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/routing.html#before-and-after-parameters) documentation for more examples

Reviewer: It applies to all your examples

Author: @rogyar Thanks for providing an example link. Hereafter will follow the same. Content Updated.

{
    /**
     * Constructor Modification
     *
     * @param \Magento\Framework\View\Element\Template\Context $context
     * @param \Magento\Checkout\Model\Session $checkoutSession
     * @param \Magento\Sales\Model\Order\Config $orderConfig
     * @param \Magento\Framework\App\Http\Context $httpContext
     * @param array $data
     */
    public function __construct(
        \Magento\Framework\View\Element\Template\Context $context,
        \Magento\Checkout\Model\Session $checkoutSession,
        \Magento\Sales\Model\Order\Config $orderConfig,
        \Magento\Framework\App\Http\Context $httpContext,
        array $data = []
    ) {
        parent::__construct(
            $context,
            $checkoutSession,
            $orderConfig,
            $httpContext,
            $data
        );
    }

    /**
     * Is order visible
     *
     * @param Order $order
     * @return bool
     */
    protected function isVisible(Order $order)
    {
        # Write your custom logic here.
        return !in_array(
            $order->getStatus(),
            $this->_orderConfig->getInvisibleOnFrontStatuses()
        );
    }
}
```

> `Note:`

Reviewer: Please use `{:.bs-callout-info}` directive for the callouts. You can see an example of a callout in the [following](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/get-started/authentication/gs-authentication-session.html) topic (the blue section with the "i" icon)

Author: @rogyar Fixed this one too.
